README.md, before:

# docker-testsrc-hls-live

[![Badge OSC](https://img.shields.io/badge/Evaluate-24243B?style=for-the-badge&logo=data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB3aWR0aD0iMjQiIGhlaWdodD0iMjQiIHZpZXdCb3g9IjAgMCAyNCAyNCIgZmlsbD0ibm9uZSIgeG1sbnM9Imh0dHA6Ly93d3cudzMub3JnLzIwMDAvc3ZnIj4KPGNpcmNsZSBjeD0iMTIiIGN5PSIxMiIgcj0iMTIiIGZpbGw9InVybCgjcGFpbnQwX2xpbmVhcl8yODIxXzMxNjcyKSIvPgo8Y2lyY2xlIGN4PSIxMiIgY3k9IjEyIiByPSI3IiBzdHJva2U9ImJsYWNrIiBzdHJva2Utd2lkdGg9IjIiLz4KPGRlZnM%2BCjxsaW5lYXJHcmFkaWVudCBpZD0icGFpbnQwX2xpbmVhcl8yODIxXzMxNjcyIiB4MT0iMTIiIHkxPSIwIiB4Mj0iMTIiIHkyPSIyNCIgZ3JhZGllbnRVbml0cz0idXNlclNwYWNlT25Vc2UiPgo8c3RvcCBzdG9wLWNvbG9yPSIjQzE4M0ZGIi8%2BCjxzdG9wIG9mZnNldD0iMSIgc3RvcC1jb2xvcj0iIzREQzlGRiIvPgo8L2xpbmVhckdyYWRpZW50Pgo8L2RlZnM%2BCjwvc3ZnPgo%3D)](https://app.osaas.io/browse/eyevinn-docker-testsrc-hls-live)

A Docker image to generate a live HLS test source. Source is generated using ffmpeg

## Running

```
docker run --rm -p 8080:8080 eyevinntechnology/testsrc-hls-live
```

You will then have an HLS live test source available at `http://localhost:8080/loop/master.m3u8`. 

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License, see [LICENSE](LICENSE).

# Support

Join our [community on Slack](http://slack.streamingtech.se) where you can post any questions regarding any of our open source projects. Eyevinn's consulting business can also offer you:

- Further development of this component
- Customization and integration of this component into your platform
- Support and maintenance agreement

Contact [sales@eyevinn.se](mailto:sales@eyevinn.se) if you are interested.

# About Eyevinn Technology

[Eyevinn Technology](https://www.eyevinntechnology.se) is an independent consultant firm specialized in video and streaming. Independent in a way that we are not commercially tied to any platform or technology vendor. As our way to innovate and push the industry forward we develop proof-of-concepts and tools. The things we learn and the code we write we share with the industry in [blogs](https://dev.to/video) and by open sourcing the code we have written.

Want to know more about Eyevinn and how it is to work here. Contact us at work@eyevinn.se!

Commit message:

Add Open Source Cloud banner to README

README.md, after:

# docker-testsrc-hls-live

---
<div align="center">

## Quick Demo: Open Source Cloud

Run this service in the cloud with a single click.

[![Badge OSC](https://img.shields.io/badge/Try%20it%20out!-1E3A8A?style=for-the-badge&logo=data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)](https://app.osaas.io/browse/eyevinn-docker-testsrc-hls-live)

</div>

---

A Docker image to generate a live HLS test source. Source is generated using ffmpeg

## Running

```
docker run --rm -p 8080:8080 eyevinntechnology/testsrc-hls-live
```

You will then have an HLS live test source available at `http://localhost:8080/loop/master.m3u8`. 

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License, see [LICENSE](LICENSE).

# Support

Join our [community on Slack](http://slack.streamingtech.se) where you can post any questions regarding any of our open source projects. Eyevinn's consulting business can also offer you:

- Further development of this component
- Customization and integration of this component into your platform
- Support and maintenance agreement

Contact [sales@eyevinn.se](mailto:sales@eyevinn.se) if you are interested.

# About Eyevinn Technology

[Eyevinn Technology](https://www.eyevinntechnology.se) is an independent consultant firm specialized in video and streaming. Independent in a way that we are not commercially tied to any platform or technology vendor. As our way to innovate and push the industry forward we develop proof-of-concepts and tools. The things we learn and the code we write we share with the industry in [blogs](https://dev.to/video) and by open sourcing the code we have written.

Want to know more about Eyevinn and how it is to work here. Contact us at work@eyevinn.se!
